Chapter I: Planning
Step 1: Look at the data cast upon you, by going over the columns and their meaning.
Step 2: Brainstorm over the dataset. This is easier if you have market knowledge:
			* Analytics: what valuable information can i obtain using statistics?
			* ML: what columns could be predicted based on the others?
				  what are the benefits of this prediction for the business?
Step 2.1: No market knowledge? Ask the oracle.
Step 3: Plan out and schedule your project (how many days to do it, what to do in each day)

Chapter II: Coding
Step 4: Basic data cleaning. Nulls shall not pass. Data types must make sense.
Step 5: EDA is your friend and will help you make sense of your data and understand you ML model.
Step 5.1.: What valuable information can I obtain using statistics?
Step 5.1.: Plots and storytelling will iluminate you in this journey - you'll witness the value of Tableau.
Step 5.2.: Revisit your thoughts on Step 2, specially if you don't have the specific market knowledge.
Step 6: Run the model dry - only essential transformations, i.e.:
			* dealing with nulls,
			* having the correct types in each column,
			* encoding your categoricals.
Step 6.1: Have a benchmark (r2_score, mae, rmse).
Step 7: Check your results - where are the bad predictions coming from? can you tell, from experience and market knowledge, how to make the model better?

Chapter III: Rinse and Repeat
Step 8: Double Check your data cleaning process: what have you done with the nulls? is there anything you could have done differently with your variables?
Step 9: Feature scaling - Normalizer, StandardScaler, MinMaxScaler, log, BoxCox.
Step 10: Run the model
Step 11: Compare results. New vs Old benchmarks - keep the best.
Step 12: Analyze results. Why is it better/worse?
Step 13: Write down your findings.
Step 14: [repeat(step) if not satisfied else congrats for step in steps[6:]]

Tips
Think like the decision maker.
Go after the market knowledge.
Be curious and creative - it's normal to waste time on processes that won't result but...
Be resilient.